Mr. Shepherd, I apologize for this whole mess, but I can assure you this woman has tricked you.
Tricked? Why don't you answer a question yourself?
What was my name before we got married?
Laura Lewis, right?
Lewis Group? The financial giants?
There's no way a Lewis is connected to this.
That's crazy.
There's no way he related to the Lewis family name. That's absurd.
It's absurd.
Society errors wouldn't waste a time in Maplewood.
Yeah. Yeah, it's a lie. It's a lie. This woman was a waitress when I met her.
Even if I'd saved her from a robbery two years ago, she's nothing special. She only married me out of gratitude.
I was just a waitress. How convenient for your story, Ben?
First time I met her, she wasn't even a waitress at the diner.
Okay, listen up, everybody. When I met her, I'd only just started my business.
Mm-hmm. Now look at me. I'm signing multi-million dollar contracts.
Look at her. Still just a cleaner.
Mr. Shepherd, that woman is my son's ex-wife. She's doing all this out of spite.
She's lying, Mr. Shepherd.
She's just a cleaning lady for your business, isn't she?
Let's make something clear. I was the one behind Harrison Group's success.
I used my resources to help my ex-husband, but all he saw me as was the maid.
Don't lie. You were never good enough for Ben when you married him. Oops.
That roof was built with lies. Cathy, you never respected me.
And Ben, dumping me the second you thought you were successful on your own, and the cheating.
I think you're bringing the wrong person.
You were not good enough for Ben then, and you're certainly not good enough for him now.
If you'd prefer to believe a liar's story, then the truth, Cathy.
Consider this my resignation from the Harrison's. From everything.
Wait, wait, wait. Laura, I think you can just walk in here and then ruin everything, and then just walk out like nothing happened?
I don't think so. You're a cleaner. You're a cleaner that cleans toilets. Nobody cares about you.
Cleaning toilets or not, at least I have my self-respect.
I don't need a fancy title or a rich husband to feel important.
No, I think there has been some sort of misunderstanding. I think all jobs are important, right, Mom?
But I don't think that a janitor should have some sort of influence over a deal as big as this.
A janitor? Well, why don't we ask Miss Smith exactly how she landed that collaboration with Jeffrey?
You did claim to have been the one that secured the deal, weren't you, Miss Smith?
Mr. Shepherd, it's all a lie. This woman, Laura, she's just a gold digger trying to trick you.
I...but, well...
A lie, you say. Miss Smith, I believe you mentioned securing this contract for Harrison's room, but I don't recognize you.
Is this true, Miss Smith?
Miss Lewis has helped me on several occasions.
This contract was my way of showing my appreciation.
The contract. I mean, Laura tore it up.
So, can't we just print another one and get this signing ceremony underway?
Repainted, Mr. Harrison.
Perhaps you haven't been paying attention without Miss Lewis involved.
I wouldn't even consider partnering with your company.
Today, I want to make it clear.
Shepherd Group has no plans to partner with Harrison Group in the future.
Miss Smith, you lied to us. You destroyed everything.
No, it's a misunderstanding. I can explain.
Lewis, Lewis family group, this can't be.
Believe what you want, Ben.
Lewis Group will be holding a massive investment meeting later this week.
Three of our vice presidents will be here in Maplewood, and I'm sure you can ask them
if you still have any doubts about who.
Bye.
Everyone, listen to me.
Shepherd Group will not be partnering with Harrison Group.
A man who can keep his vows to his wife cannot be trusted to keep his ward on the contract.
He's already sober, Harrison.
Everyone here deserves to see the truth.
Miss Lewis, shall we take this conversation, husband?
Mom!
Someone get a doctor!
It seems you're an SDK.
Quite the term, Mr. Shepherd.
Indeed. Perhaps he's best to live them to it.
This is not all on me.
Not on you. I was trying to help.
She cheated on you with Shepherd. Flaunted they're a fair.
Exactly. And those dresses?
Who could afford those in a janitor's salary?
Miss Smith, how could you do this?
We trusted you completely.
I've been the deal. I had no idea Shepherd would fall for Gora.
She's a liar.
Oh, stop it, Amber. You lied to us just as much as she did.
Lied? You're on my side.
And anyways, I have a plan.
The Shepherd's are no one special.
We can expose Laura in all her lives, don't national.
We can make ourselves a household name.
Now if you excuse me, I have a very important phone call to you.
Shepherd, thank you as well for standing up.
It's all right, Laura. You deserve the credit for all your hard work.
Can I ask you something? Do you have any place to stay tonight?
Maybe a hotel?
Don't worry about me, Mr. Shepherd. I hope we find.
Excuse me, you can just drop me out.
Actually, Laura. Actually, Laura. There is something else.
Would you consider your girl for dinner sometime? Just casually, of course.
Mr. Shepherd, are you asking me out?
Please, call me Brian.
Yes. Technically, you're single now.
Yes, that may be true, but going out with a newly divorced ex-cleaner isn't exactly.
Proper? Laura? I don't give a damn about appearances.
Tonight, I saw your intelligence and your strength.
Those are qualities I truly admire. So what do you say?
Dinner. Just shoot people getting to know each other.
I'm sorry, Mr. Shepherd. I actually have another appointment.
Wait, Laura. Just here is fine.
Laura, who is it? Laura, wait!
Jason, find out who owns that car and do it fast.
Ian Lewis, who is this?
Mr. Lewis, I'm sorry for the late call, but I believe I have some urgent information about your family.
I don't know who you are, Miss Smith.
How did you get this number?
Don't worry about that right now.
I believe I know someone impersonating Laura Lewis. Someone I know very well.
It's amazing, my niece. And where is this fake Laura?
Right here in Maplewood. And let me tell you, she's causing quite a scene.
What is she doing exactly? And more to the point, what do you want from me?
In the next few days, the Lewis group will hold an investment meeting, right?
I want to meet with the vice presidents.
All will be revealed then.
Very well. I'll have my secretary arrange a meeting, but be warned if this is a waste of my time.
It won't be. Trust me, Mr. Lewis.
Thank you, Miss.
That little rascal, Laura. I wonder what she's up to now.
That car belongs to Mr. Yeats, the Lewis family father.
The Lewis family. That's interesting. Could she be connected to them somehow?
I'm not sure.
Ryan! There you are. I've missed you.
Boy.
What are you doing?
Boy, what are you doing here?
What do you mean? Can't I visit the man I love?
We ended things for a reason.
It was just one teensy mistake. I was a little bit tipsy.
Wasn't everyone deserve a second chance?
It's a mistake, you said. You cheated on me.
Is this your new thing?
Extivorcy used to clean floors by the couch, you say?
Look, my relationship with her is none of your business.
And don't you dare talk about her like that.
Please.
An ex-cleaner turns social climber latching onto a wealthy businessman.
It's a classic story.
That's enough. I've got the hell out of my office.
I want to be careful, Brian. Duke Industries still holds a lot of weight in Maplewood.
If you want Shepherd Group to stay afloat, you ought to be more careful.
Seems like you've got more on your plate than Laura's secrets now.
This is it. The Lewis Group Vice President are on the top floor.
Once I'm done speaking with them, I'll have Ben's company rolling in business investments.
I'll go speak with them first and then I'll introduce you.
Well, well, well. Look who it is.
What a surprise. Did Brian teach you already?
That's none of your business.
Now, move aside, please.
Laura, just what do you think you're doing? You street rat.
You really think you can just ruin my events again? Haven't you ruined my life enough?
Don't you have any shame?
If you'll excuse me, I have an important meeting to get to.
Oh, the nerves. After everything you've done, you think you can just waltz in here and manipulate them too?
Seriously?
I think you need to reconsider exactly who's manipulating who here.
Oh, that's gold. You really think that they're gonna let you in, Laura?
Please, you're no one compared to me. You don't deserve to be here.
The only ones who don't belong here are you three.
And you, idiot, believing every lie that she tells you, wake up, Ben.
Oh, Laura. Laura, come on. Why do you always pull this on me?
I mean, seriously. Can't you just let me enjoy one of my events for once?
I know what this is.
Oh, shut your trap. Amber spoke directly with the CEO.
He invited her to meet with the VPs before the main meeting.
Yeah, Amber got me a partnership with the Lewis Group.
And I'm like some people, I have a real invitation.
Wow. Before you all start celebrating, why don't you take a look at this?
Oh, that's rich. You may have Brian Shepherd fooled, but you can't fool me.
I spoke to Ian Lewis himself, CEO of Lewis Group.
Speaking of Brian, where is he right now?
You mean my uncle? Ian, don't be ridiculous.
Ian Lewis personally gave me this invitation himself.
And besides, this looks fake. She's a liar.
This is a personal invitation from Mr. Yates himself.
It grants me access to the VIP elevator, which leads straight to the vice presidential suite.
She's lying. They don't have a VIP elevator in this hotel.
They're a special elevator for VIPs in this hotel.
Not that I know her.
See? She's lying.
There you have it, Laura. Even the hotel staff can spot a fake.
Go on, get lost before things get worse.
Here. Take this one. Leave me to the vice presidents.
You have no idea what you just did.
There be consequences.
Besides, if you have this relationship with Ian Lewis that you claim to have,
why don't you just ask him to get the two of them an invitation?
Security. Security. We need this woman removed immediately.
She is harassing me. We're done with your game, Laura. You're just a fraud.
Man, place me. What?
Hold on. Brian Shepard?
You think money buys you the right to walk all over people while it doesn't?
Yeah. Wasn't enough to kick us out of Maple. What was it, huh?
What other plans do you have to destroy this time? Okay, you're out?
After a while you did to Laura, you had it coming.
Don't play dumb. You know exactly what's been happening here.
How long has this little affair been going on? You've been sleeping with her since she was married to my son.
Hold on a second. And the fair? You think Laura and I? You people are unbelievable.
Mr. Carter, get down here ASAP. We have a situation.
Well, you think you can just boss the manager around now? Is that it?
We'll stick around and watch you crash and burn.
Miss Lewis, apologies for the delay. How can I help you this evening?
Thank you, Mr. Carter, for getting down here so quickly.
It seems there's a misunderstanding.
These people don't think that I belong here.
Well, Mr. Carter, I can assure you, this woman is a cleaner.
A cleaner nonsense. I personally agree to Miss Lewis upon her arrival in Maplewood three years ago.
Exactly. Lucas Group, my company, has some major investments planned here in Maplewood.
I was just here investigating potential business opportunities.
No, this woman doesn't know the difference between business and a hole in the ground.
She's been this way since my son divorced her. She's insane.
Actually, I met Laura three years ago at the coffee shop.
She helped secure a profitable investment for Shepherd Group.
No, it's a lie. Mr. Shepherd, she's tricking you too.
You know, it's exhausting trying to argue with people who forget who helped them.
Mr. Carter, would you mind showing me to the VIP elevator?
Wait, is that why you're covering for her?
Huh? Because of the affair, because she slept with you?
Excuse me. Who are you and how day you speak to Miss Lewis that way?
No, this... she frets.
That's enough. Have you ever embarrassed yourself enough?
This is Lewis Group property. Behave or I'll call security.
But she doesn't even have a VIP entrance access.
She shouldn't be here.
Since you're having trouble understanding them, let me make it clear.
This hotel is owned by the Lewis family.
It's mine to come or go as I please.
Thank you for stepping in right now.
I owe you one. We'll talk about this later.
Well, it seems divorcing a powerful woman wasn't the best decision I've ever seen.
Excuse me, Vice Presidents. I'm Amber Smith,
General Manager of the Lewis Group Maplewood Branch.
I believe Ian Lewis told you about our meeting today.
Maplewood Branch. Our records don't show any Maplewood Branch, is it?
Are you sure you haven't gotten something mixed up?
Ian Lewis, Mr. Lewis, reassured me that today we would discuss, well, expansion plans.
Expansion plans? Miss Smith?
A decision like that wouldn't be taken without board approval.
And frankly, we haven't heard anything about it.
But, Ian Lewis assured me that...
Miss Smith, we have a very important guest arriving soon.
Perhaps you'd like to schedule a follow-up meeting with one of our staff?
Maybe I can stay for this guest and offer some local...
Miss Smith, we'd like you to leave. If you don't, we'll call security.
Hey, stop there. These elevators are VIP only.
Hey, please.
Of course. My apologies.
Vice Presidents, it's so good to see all of you again.
Miss Lewis, it's been too long.
Your return is a lifesaver, Miss Lewis.
The Lewis group has floundered under your uncle's, well, shall we say, unconventional leadership.
The board are begging you to come back, Miss Lewis.
Well, please sit. Yes, well, it is time for me to get my career back on track.
We've got a meeting planned, a big one, in just a few days.
Local powerhouses and smaller players, too.
They'll all be there in the one spot.
Miss Lewis, we met with an Amber Smith.
She claimed your uncle appointed her general manager of a Maplewood branch for the Lewis group.
She said that. Did she? Well, Miss Smith is a liar.
There is no Maplewood branch, at least not yet.
She lied so blatantly, it was unbelievable.
But, don't worry. I found a much more suitable partner, Shepherd group.
Shepherd group?
Not even good.
Their rise to a public company has been impressive.
Do you have anything to do with that?
So, what happens now with this Amber Smith?
Oh, don't worry about Amber. I've got plans for her.
Miss Lewis, consider this.
You're official invitation to the legend. Promise.
Cheers.
Don't worry. What are you talking about? No, come on.
I'm Amber Smith. I'm the Lewis group manager of Maplewood branch. What are you doing? These are my guests.
That's right. Tell him who we are.
Yes, we were waiting for Miss Smith.
Lewis group Maplewood branch? No such thing, ma'am. And frankly, I'm not interested in your act.
Oh, of course. Laura.
She's probably sleeping with the manager as well. That's how she gets away with everything.
You underestimate her, Kathy. She's probably sleeping with all three vice presidents.
No way a girl like her could get into a hotel like this.
Careful with your words. Both of you.
Accusations like that can get you in serious trouble.
Look who can't even get into a meeting.
Whilst I secure three with all the vice presidents.
And let's not forget the mystery guests that they're bringing to Maplewood.
Looks like she used you and tossed you aside.
Use me? I like some people. I know mine being helpful.
You're so stupid. She threw you away like yesterday's trash.
Don't worry, Brian. You deserve better. And let's not forget.
I'm the new Maplewood branch manager of Lewis group, appointed by the CEO of Lewis group themselves, Ian Lewis.
You branch manager, huh? Interesting.
Laura Lewis, what are you doing? You're get out of here.
You claim to be the mystery guest?
Don't play games, Laura. I was formally invited by Lewis group themselves to the investment meeting.
Only the top companies get those. Looks like you're all out of luck.
Is that so? Well then.
There seems to be a misunderstanding.
You see, I'm not sure if you know Miss Smith, but Lewis group is my company.
And I decide who goes to the meetings. Escort them out.
Your visit is over.
This way, please.
I'm not leaving.
Move. We're not leaving. I get. Move. No, no, no. We're not going now.
This isn't over, Laura. You see.
Thanks for waiting, Ren. Thank you for defending me. I really...
Are you coming to the meeting?
Yes, but it's going to be tricky.
Why? I'm sure that Shepherd Group got an invitation.
Yes, Laura. There's something you should know.
Yes. Is this about Ben?
Because I can assure you that he won't cause any problems. He won't even get past security.
Laura, it's not Ben. It's someone else.
Someone's causing problems for Shepherd Group?
Yes. Her name is Chloe Duke. She is daughter of the Duke family.
She's my ex-fiance. And let's say things didn't end so well between us.
And let's just say we didn't end things so well.
And for some reason, she's having a hard time moving on.
And you think that she's going to cause problems at the meeting,
for out of jealousy?
There's a possibility. She's kind of jealous.
Well, for all the more reason for you to be there.
Besides, I'll be there too.
Laura, would you consider being, I guess, at the meeting?
What? Are you worried that this Chloe's going to cause problems for me too?
Maybe a little. But mostly, I want to show them we're team.
It's a very kind offer, Mr. Shepherd.
Laura, I just want to be by your side.
I appreciate your honesty. And right now, I'm just not...
I just don't really have romance on my mind right now, just with...
Go on.
It's okay. I just want to be a...
And if Chloe tries anything, you won't face her alone.
There's just one thing.
What is it?
A formal dress.
She doesn't belong here. This is a private store.
Excuse me. We need some assistance. I'm looking for a very particular dress.
It's beautiful.
It is.
I'll try this one on.
Don't bother with her. She can't afford anything here.
She's just a cleaner. She doesn't deserve to shop you. She has no money.
Exactly. I mean, what are you doing here? Can you just leave me alone?
I wouldn't bat an eyelash if you just disappeared.
I'm here for retail therapy.
Oh, please.
This store is for the A-list only.
Not some cheap skate like you.
It says that we want her barched into my marriage.
Hey, show some respect.
Take the cool Laura. Just think she can buy anything she wants with someone else's money.
I would have asked you, but without me, I'm sure they're already booked.
Please. Come on. We'll take the dress.
This particular dress is not for sale.
What do you mean you don't sell it?
I want it. Name your price.
It's not about the price, man.
This one was custom-made from Miss Lewis, the Lewis Group Heiress.
The entire brand belongs to her.
This beautiful dress is for display purposes only. Thank you.
It wouldn't suit you anyway, Amber.
What are you talking about? Of course it would suit her. It would fit her just fine.
And if it wouldn't fit me, it certainly wouldn't fit your chunky self either.
Well, buying the whole store, allow me to purchase this dress.